US sanction on Burma: Right or Wrong?
It's rather hard to nod or shook the head on this particular topic, because it's a phenomenon purely based on the difference
between the ages and ideologies of prominent figures who made these decisions. The reltaion between America and Myanmar worsened
after the 1988 military coup. So forth the conditions got bad that America decided to withdraw it's ambassadors from Burma and
cancelled the trade policies. But just the opening lines echoes with the conundrum of chaos that it caused, The former President 
of America decided to withdraw it's sanction. President Obama ordered in July 2012 the U.S. Treasury Department to issue two 
licenses, one giving special permission for investment in Burma and the other allowing financial services, elimination military
provinces from both. President Obama also issued an executive order expanding existing sanctions against individuals who violate
human rights to include those who threaten Burma’s political restructuring process. But political issues are far from getting
resolved, Human Right Watch stated on this decision that US Government should keep in places sanctions on Burma to deter the
Burmese miltary from derailing democratic reforms, hence contuining the debate.

Space Exploration: Waste of money and time or not?
TOTALLY NOT! These statements are issued by people who seems to know about space. Isn't is fascination enough that there are more
galaxies than there are grains of sand on Earth to promote space exploration. But again people argue with this only, "Is allowing
our curiosity to drive us correct?" Curiosity. Perhaps the only things that has bring us this far on the path to defeat adversity.
All the inventions are to be credited on the name of curiosity. Apart from this, space exploration is an act of long term result.
Right from saving our planet from those gargantous meteors with diameters upto 20 meters and solar storms to expanding our horizon 
to answers the question which have baffled the mind of human since he got the ability to question like "Are we alone in this universe?"
"How did Universe begin?" and many more. The most widely used argument that DOES NOT support space exploration is: "We have too many
problems on Earth, so why go into space?". This statement makes me cringe. While there are many problems on Earth, a lot of them can
be solved using the technologies that we develop for space exploration. An example of this is NASA's help on research into cancer and
preventing, treating, and even curing it. And not to forget that humanity is not destined to stay on Earth.

vs9812
